---
layout: story
title: John Part I
---

He watched the pendulum swing slowly back and forth on the star’s end. He watched it so intently that soon his pendulum followed suit. The feeling of synchronicity washed over him. It had become familiar now. Tiny flashes of light simulating Bellatrix shone through the jar on the other end of the gauge. Without even watching the pendulums, he could listen to his pulse and equate it with the flickering light.

John was always glad he was matched with such a strong, violent star. Stars, to him, were the most beautiful when they were angry: energy churning in their core. Thinking of Bellatrix’s personality caused his own core to feel hot. He thought about the things on Earth that evoked the same emotion, but skillfully enough so that his pulse barely faltered. To revel in synchronicity with Bellatrix was the most rewarding aspect of John’s day.

He remembered the way Laura looked at him on the swing when he said he wasn’t interested in harvesting Bellatrix.

“But you got such a temperamental one. Don’t you want to make something positive out of that?”

“She’s already given me enough. And to return the favor, I’d take parts of her away? They should be recycled into space where they belong to help build new stars and maybe even new life.”

Laura adjusted herself on the swing. They were outside of the church and the swing set was made for small children, not a thirty-year-old woman still bearing the weight from the ones she’d birthed. She turned to him and sweat made her hair stick to awkward parts of her face. “I don’t understand your feelings toward Bellatrix.”

John knew that she’d always been jealous of his relationship with Bellatrix. Laura’s star was a white dwarf named Procyon B. Its further evolution was essentially non-existent. It was destined to cool and wilt until it was completely void of energy. He knew that Laura saw herself that way.

All stars evolve until they die. What was so fragile about the Telestellar system was the moment in time a person was given a match. There was a very slim chance they’d live to see their star leave the stage outside of the one it was in. And Laura’s happened to be mostly static. John’s was alive and well, and its death would be a spectacle that would cast elements vast distances into space. Bellatrix’s death was more of a resurrection; Procyon B would fade away unnoticed.

John put his hand on his fiancé’s shoulder and stopped pushing the swing. She reluctantly rested her head on his hand, the sweat now making her hair stick to him, too.

“The kids should be out soon,” she said quietly.

“What are you going to tell them?”

Laura looked ahead at what seemed to be something in her mind and not what was actually in front of her. “That they can gauge once we get home but just for a little while.”

“I think that’s a smart decision.”

John never knew how to react to the decisions that she made for her children. He was also distracted since he hadn’t gauged for a few hours.

“It’s weird that they’re doing these exercises in church,” Laura mused.

“I don’t think so, what’s more spiritual than learning about your star counterpart? And churches don’t get much use otherwise, these days.”

She opened her mouth to respond, but three kids seemingly came out of nowhere and practically tackled their mother to the ground.

“Red giants are amazing!” they screamed.

John watched Laura’s face, and the noise around him faded into the distance. Her mouth slowly contorted into such a disappointed shape that it made him cringe. She looked to the side, avoiding their gazes and turning again to her own thoughts.

It’s always been said that parents want what’s best for their children. But when a child’s DNA proves valuable while one parent’s is essentially worthless, the pain over the blatant lack of contribution to the child’s success is impossible to hide.


____

 
